Xiaoyu, you said that if you were obedient and married me
How nice
It won't end up like this
The doctor said you might become a vegetable
You don't have to live like this
It's better to die and keep it
Okay?
You won't get sleepy.
Little Rain
How did you wake up?
I just tucked you in
you
Who are you?
You don't know me anymore.
I don't remember anything.
mine
I don't know anything.
If you can't remember, don't think about it.
You just need to remember that I am your fiancé
We're getting married soon.
No talent
Yes, we have a good relationship.
We are already planning for the wedding.
Who knew you were suddenly in a car accident?
You said you might become a vegetable
For a moment my heart was broken
Is everything you said true?